
## Pricing and Support

## AWS Free Tier

- Some services are Always free
  - AWS SageMaker
  - AWS DynamoDB (25GB free storage per month)
  - AWS SNS
- Some are free for 12 months
- Some are for trials
  - AWS Inspector 0-day free trial


 ## AWS Lambda

 - 1 million free requests and up to 3.2 million seconds of compte time per month forever
 - S3 free for 12 months, upto 5GB of Standard storage

 ## AWS Lightsail

 - 1 month trailof upto 750 hours of usage

## Consolidated billing

In an earlier module, you learned about AWS Organizations, a service that enables you to manage multiple AWS accounts from a central location. AWS Organizations also provides the option for consolidated billing(opens in a new tab). 

The consolidated billing feature of AWS Organizations enables you to receive a single bill for all AWS accounts in your organization. By consolidating, you can easily track the combined costs of all the linked accounts in your organization. The default maximum number of accounts allowed for an organization is 4, but you can contact AWS Support to increase your quota, if needed.

On your monthly bill, you can review itemized charges incurred by each account. This enables you to have greater transparency into your organization’s accounts while still maintaining the convenience of receiving a single monthly bill.

Another benefit of consolidated billing is the ability to share bulk discount pricing, Savings Plans, and Reserved Instances across the accounts in your organization. For instance, one account might not have enough monthly usage to qualify for discount pricing. However, when multiple accounts are combined, their aggregated usage may result in a benefit that applies across all accounts in the organization.

## AWS Budgets

- Can set custom budget around cost and usage and u will get alerts

## AWS Cost Explorer

- AWS Console to visiulize the spendings

## Basic support

- Documentation
- Whitepapers
- Support forums
- AWS Personal Health Dashboard

## Developer support

- Basic support
- Email access to customer support

## Business supprot

- 24/7 customer service
- Basic and developer support
- AWS Trusted Advisor provides full set of best practise checks
- Direct phone access to cloud support engineers
- 4 hours response time if production system is impaired and 1 hour if production system is down

## AWS Enterprise On-Ramp Support

- Basic, Developer and Business support
- 30 minute response time for business critical workloads
- Access to a pool of Technical Account Managers (TAMs)

## AWS Enterprise Support

- Basic, Developer, Business support
- 15 minute response time for business critical workloads
- Access to a pool of Technical Account Managers (TAMs - provide expert engineering guidance) 

