## AWS Batch

- AWS Batch is a fully managed batch computing service that plans, schedules, and runs your containerized batch ML, simulation, and analytics workloads across the full range of AWS compute offerings, such as Amazon ECS, Amazon EKS, AWS Fargate, and Spot or On-Demand Instances.

## AWS Fargate vs Lambda

Fargate - serverless on top of ecs or eks

The main difference between these two serverless compute platforms is that AWS Fargate takes care of the underlying VMs, networking, and other resources you need to run containers using ECS or EKS, whereas AWS Lambda lets you run standalone, stateless functions without having to consider any of the infrastructure whatsoever.

## Amazon Lightsail

Build applications and websites fast with low-cost, pre-configured cloud resources.

Amazon Lightsail offers easy-to-use virtual private server (VPS) instances, containers, storage, databases, and more at a cost-effective monthly price.

## AWS X-Ray


AWS X-Ray is a service that collects data about requests that your application serves, and provides tools that you can use to view, filter, and gain insights into that data to identify issues and opportunities for optimization. For any traced request to your application, you can see detailed information not only about the request and response, but also about calls that your application makes to downstream AWS resources, microservices, databases, and web APIs.

## AWS OpsWorks

Automate Operations with Chef and Puppet

## AWS Service Catalog

Create, share, organize, and govern your curated IaC templates

## AWS Cloud9

A cloud IDE for writing, running, and debugging code

## AWS CloudHSM

Manage single-tenant hardware security modules (HSMs) on AWS

## Amazon Kinesis

Collect, process, and analyze real-time video and data streams

## TCO - Total Cost Of Ownership

TYMO Cloud Corp is looking forward to migrating their entire on-premises data center to AWS. What tool can they use to perform a cost-benefit analysis of moving to the AWS Cloud?

## Service control policies (SCPs) 

- are a type of organization policy that you can use to manage permissions in your organization.

## AWS Config

Assess, audit, and evaluate configurations of your resources

## Amazon Macie

Discover and protect your sensitive data at scale

## AWS Certificate Manager- ACM

- Provision and manage SSL/TLS certificates with AWS services and connected resources

## Amazon Neptune

- High-performance graph analytics and serverless database for superior scalability and availability

## Amazon Connect 

is an omnichannel cloud contact center. 

